OBSDOCS-1869: Logging Z-Stream Release Notes - 6.1.6 (#93019)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-6-1-6-rn.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/logging-6.1/log6x-release-notes-6.1.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-6-1-6_{context}"]
= Logging 6.1.6 Release Notes

> This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:4529[RHBA-2025:4529].

Author: yes

[id="logging-release-notes-6-1-6-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, collector pods would enter a crash loop due to a configuration error when attempting token-based authentication with an Elasticsearch output. With this update, token authentication to Elasticsearch output produces a valid configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7018[LOG-7018])

Author: done!

> * Before this update, auditd log messages with multiple `msg` keys caused incorrect parsing because all `msg` values were returned as an array. This behavior conflicted with the standard auditd log format, where the first `msg` field follows the structure `msg=audit(TIMESTAMP:ID)` and contains essential metadata. With this update, only the first `msg` value is used during parsing, which resolves the issue with parsing and ensures accurate extraction of audit metadata. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7029[LOG-7029])

Reviewer: A suggestion: I would recommend more user-visible approach here: describing what issue the user faced, and then possibly explain what caused that issue (but this might require a second look by QA).
Possibly something like this:
```suggestion
* Before this update, `auditd` log messages with multiple `msg` keys could cause errors in collector pods, because the standard `auditd` log format expects a single `msg` field per log entry that follows the `msg=audit(TIMESTAMP:ID)` structure. With this update, only the first `msg` value is used, which resolves the issue and ensures accurate extraction of audit metadata. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7029[LOG-7029])
```
Or something similar to that.

Author: Updated to be same as your suggestion in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/92988/files#diff-0aea2ead7f90414c81bc54cf981f37ae9967b5edcbcd1ac4e9a3589250882ca8R18
